**Word Hunt Solver Documentation**
=====================================

**Project Overview**
-------------------

This project is a Word Hunt solver written in Python using PyQt5. The solver uses a list of words to generate a grid-based puzzle, where the goal is to find all instances of each word in the grid.

**Installation Instructions**
-----------------------------

### Prerequisites

* Python 3.x
* PyQt5
* PyInstaller (for creating executables)

### Installation Steps

1. Clone this repository: `git clone https://github.com/roman-rossi/word-hunt-solver.git`
2. Install the required dependencies:
	* `pip install pyqt5`
	* `pip install pyinstaller`
3. Run the installation script: `python setup.py install`

**Usage Examples**
------------------

### Running the Solver

To run the solver, simply execute the `word_hunt2.exe` file generated by PyInstaller.

```
$ word_hunt2.exe
```

This will launch the GUI application, which displays a grid-based puzzle. To solve the puzzle, enter words into the input field and click on instances of those words in the grid to highlight them.


**Key Features**
----------------

* Grid-based puzzle generation
* Word highlighting and searching
* Support for multiple word lists (e.g. Collins Scrabble Words)
* Customizable grid size and word list

**API Documentation**
---------------------

### Functions

* `generate_puzzle(grid_size, words)`: Generates a puzzle with the specified grid size and uses the provided word list.
* `search_words(puzzle, word)`: Searches for instances of the given word in the puzzle.

```python
from word_hunt2 import generate_puzzle, search_words

# Generate a puzzle with 10x10 grid size and use the words from lists/words.txt
puzzle = generate_puzzle(10, "lists/words.txt")

# Search for instances of the word "AARDVARK" in the puzzle
instances = search_words(puzzle, "AARDVARK")
```

**License Information**
----------------------

Copyright (c) 2025 Roman Rossi. All Rights Reserved.

This code is the exclusive property of Roman Rossi. No part of this code may be used, 
modified, distributed, or copied without the express written permission of Roman Rossi.